olavo vision on bail to do
put your company with it challenged
for doing here in rosary between 500 and
600 grams of minced beef 300
which is more expensive for chopped three eggs
cooked a good small chopped four
chopped garlic cloves two tablespoons
breadcrumbs soup a laurel leaf one
egg only knows every 180 thousand liters of
white wine a large diced onion
in slices larger moon 50 grams of
margarine 2 tablespoons olive oil 400
grams of daughters 100 grams of sausage
which was thinly sliced salt and
chili
they will roll to sprinkle in a bowl
Mix is carlos chopped cow ends up
chopped garlic on chopped onion
Chopped parsley
the two tablespoons grated ox and the
party has to do with salt and pepper
involved will
sheep counter with some bread
grated meat in a rectangle in the
center put the three boiled eggs in the
roma car in the river and got the father put
the fighter was previously anointed with
margarine round cake choices are
inside them next to the bay leaf
the white wine and margarine and take
oven preheated 190 degrees and let
roast between 40 to 50 minutes
however in a pan of boiling water
to season with salt and put the
peas the cook for five
minutes after red baked brushes
zeolite takes in a pan and
other areas
stir and let warm
along with sausage and fry
Finally add the peas and jump and
all
When the rice I like to enjoy
if I'm going to like the slices accompanied
with peas and white rice
hope you like this recipe roth says